# SigParser - the C# library for the SigParser IPAAS API

  General Advice ================  Use LOW CODE tools to integrate APIs (not Python, C#, JavaScript...) - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - While you can use Python or JS or C# we strongly suggest using a low code platform to integrate data from SigParser. Don't try to write Python or C# or JavaScript to do data integrations. Low code integrations typically take 10% to 50% of the time to build compared to writing high code integrations. Also, low code tools come out of the box with a reliable queue, alerting, retries, detailed logging and are more self documenting.    Recommend Low Code tools - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -  1. [Tray.io](https://tray.io) - Better fixed prices for higher request volumes. They have a SOC2 Type 2.   1. [Microsoft Flow/Automate](https://powerautomate.microsoft.com/en-au/) - A cloud tool provided by Microsoft. It is harder to use than the above two options but is still better than hand coding an integration. 1. [Boomi](https://boomi.com/) - A Dell Technologies company. They have an atom that can run in your local environment so data isn't going to another environment.  1. [Integromat](https://integromat.com) - Designed for small and mid-sized businesses with lower volumes of requests and low entry level pricing. Very easy to get started. Customer support isn't as good and no SOC2 but owned by Celonis which is a large $11B company. 1. [Infomatica](https://www.informatica.com) - Enterprise tool that can do integrations. It isn't the easiest to use for integrations.   Don't use Zapier. It's too expensive for how much data SigParser is generating and not flexible enough.  All of these tools have pre-built Salesforce and Dynamics connectors.   Once you select a low code tool you should import our Swagger JSON file into that low code tool. Use the link at the top of this page to get the contents.  Authentication ===================  API Key - -- -- -- -- --  You can go into the SigParser application and generate an API key if you have the right subscription and have the right role. Some roles aren't allowed to generate API keys.  Pass the API key by setting the header **x-api-key** on each request.   OAuth Flow - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  If you're an iPAAS (Integration Platform As A Service) like Zapier, IFTTT or PieSync you should use OAuth.  **We'll give you a ClientID** You'll need to get an Client ID and Client Secret from SigParser to use for your app. Contact us at support@sigparser.com and send us the URL we need to redirect users to.   **User Authorization** Direct the user to this URL where they'll login and authorize the application. You can pass a **state** token which is suggested but not required.   ``` https://app.sigparser.com/Home/Login?client_id=[your_client_id]&redirect_uri=[your_redirect_uri]&state=[optional_state_token] ```  You'll get a **code** in the URL of the response.  Use that code to then **POST https://app.sigparser.com/api/Ipass/token** with the form parameters   - client_id - grant_type = \"authorization_code\" - client_secret - code  You'll get a response back like this. It contains two access tokens.   ``` { \"access_token\":\"YYY\", \"access_token_emailparsing\":\"XXX\", \"username\": \"user@example.com\" } ```  - **access_token** - Used for almost all requests to https://ipass.sigparser.com in the x-api-key header field. Each app/user gets a new key but we don't generate new keys on each OAuth request. - **access_token_emailparsing** - Used for requests against https://api.sigparser.com in the x-api-key header field. There is only one of these keys generated per team database.  For each request to this API set the header **x-api-key** on each request with the **access_token**.  **Validate Connectivity**  Call **GET https://ipaas.sigparser.com/api/User/Me** with x-api-key header set to the **access_token** to validate connectivity. It just returns the username of the current user.   **Deauthorize/Invalidate Token**  Call **DELETE https://ipaas.sigparser.com/api/User/Invalidate** with x-api-key header set will cause the API key to be revoked. You can only call this once.   Throttling =======================  API requests are thottled to 60 per minute. If you need more contact us.  

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v1
- SDK version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.CsharpDotNet2ClientCodegen

<a name="frameworks-supported"></a>
## Frameworks supported
- .NET 2.0

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## Dependencies
- Mono compiler
- Newtonsoft.Json.7.0.1
- RestSharp.Net2.1.1.11

Note: NuGet is downloaded by the mono compilation script and packages are installed with it. No dependency DLLs are bundled with this generator

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation
Run the following command to generate the DLL
- [Mac/Linux] `/bin/sh compile-mono.sh`
- [Windows] TODO

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using SigParser.Api;
using SigParser.Client;
using SigParser.Model;
```
<a name="getting-started"></a>
## Getting Started

```csharp
using System;
using System.Diagnostics;
using SigParser.Api;
using SigParser.Client;
using SigParser.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public void main()
        {
            
            // Configure API key authorization: x-api-key
            Configuration.Default.ApiKey.Add("x-api-key", "YOUR_API_KEY");
            // Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
            // Configuration.Default.ApiKeyPrefix.Add("x-api-key", "Bearer");

            var apiInstance = new CompaniesApi();
            var lastmodifiedAfter = 789;  // long? | Use this to get a delta of all the changes since your query. Save the last \"lastmodified\" value.  This will not return companies with a status of Private, Ignored or Coworker. (optional) 
            var take = 56;  // int? | How many records to return. The minimum count is 25. Maximum 250. (optional) 
            var domain = domain_example;  // string | Lookup a specific company by domain. Private companies are never returned but Coworker and Ignore accounts are. Domain names must be lowercase. (optional) 

            try
            {
                // Fetch details about companies by the email domain.
                List<DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsCompanyOutputModel> result = apiInstance.ApiCompaniesGet(lastmodifiedAfter, take, domain);
                Debug.WriteLine(result);
            }
            catch (Exception e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling CompaniesApi.ApiCompaniesGet: " + e.Message );
            }
        }
    }
}
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CompaniesApi* | [**ApiCompaniesGet**](docs/CompaniesApi.md#apicompaniesget) | **GET** /api/Companies | Fetch details about companies by the email domain.
*ContactsApi* | [**ApiContactsListPost**](docs/ContactsApi.md#apicontactslistpost) | **POST** /api/Contacts/List | Get Contact Details based on the Parameter set     Order by allowed is lastmodified
*ContactsApi* | [**ApiContactsPost**](docs/ContactsApi.md#apicontactspost) | **POST** /api/Contacts | Insert/Updates a contact by email address
*ContactsApi* | [**ApiContactsTagListGet**](docs/ContactsApi.md#apicontactstaglistget) | **GET** /api/Contacts/Tag/List | Get list of tags defined in SigParser.
*ContactsApi* | [**ApiContactsTagPost**](docs/ContactsApi.md#apicontactstagpost) | **POST** /api/Contacts/Tag | Performs an operation to tag / untag a contact. Tags can have different types which is why you have to pass the ID instead of the name of the tag.
*EmailsApi* | [**ApiEmailsDistinctGet**](docs/EmailsApi.md#apiemailsdistinctget) | **GET** /api/Emails/Distinct | Fetch distinct emails across all the mailboxes. If the same emails is found in 10 mailboxes then only one instance of it will be returned.
*MeetingsApi* | [**ApiMeetingsDistinctGet**](docs/MeetingsApi.md#apimeetingsdistinctget) | **GET** /api/Meetings/Distinct | Fetch distinct meetings across all the mailboxes. If the same meeting is found in multiple mailboxes then you'll only get one reference to it.
*ParseApi* | [**ApiEmailPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apiemailpost) | **POST** /api/Email | Legacy email parsing API. Obselete.
*ParseApi* | [**ApiMimeParseStringPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apimimeparsestringpost) | **POST** /api/Mime/ParseString | Legacy email parsing API for MIME. Obsolete.
*ParseApi* | [**ApiParseEmailContactJSONPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apiparseemailcontactjsonpost) | **POST** /api/Parse/Email/Contact/JSON | Email signature parser JSON (stateless)
*ParseApi* | [**ApiParseEmailContactMIMEPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apiparseemailcontactmimepost) | **POST** /api/Parse/Email/Contact/MIME | Email signature parser MIME/EML (stateless)
*ParseApi* | [**ApiParseEmailContactMSGPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apiparseemailcontactmsgpost) | **POST** /api/Parse/Email/Contact/MSG | Email signature parser for MSG (stateless)
*ParseApi* | [**ApiParseEmailMessageJSONPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apiparseemailmessagejsonpost) | **POST** /api/Parse/Email/Message/JSON | Split email JSON (stateless)
*ParseApi* | [**ApiParseEmailMessageMIMEPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apiparseemailmessagemimepost) | **POST** /api/Parse/Email/Message/MIME | Split email EML/MIME (stateless)
*ParseApi* | [**ApiParseEmailMessageMSGPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apiparseemailmessagemsgpost) | **POST** /api/Parse/Email/Message/MSG | Split email MSG (stateless)
*ParseApi* | [**ApiParseFeedbackPost**](docs/ParseApi.md#apiparsefeedbackpost) | **POST** /api/Parse/Feedback | Report parsing feedback
*UserApi* | [**ApiUserInvalidateDelete**](docs/UserApi.md#apiuserinvalidatedelete) | **DELETE** /api/User/Invalidate | Revoke the data access API key for this request. Doesn't revoke the email parsing API key. OAuth providers should try to call this when disconnecting a connection if possible.
*UserApi* | [**ApiUserMeGet**](docs/UserApi.md#apiusermeget) | **GET** /api/User/Me | Get the User Information [ Username , EnterpriseId ]
*WebhooksApi* | [**ApiWebhooksDelete**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#apiwebhooksdelete) | **DELETE** /api/Webhooks | Delete the webhook.
*WebhooksApi* | [**ApiWebhooksGet**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#apiwebhooksget) | **GET** /api/Webhooks | Get a webhook by ID.
*WebhooksApi* | [**ApiWebhooksListGet**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#apiwebhookslistget) | **GET** /api/Webhooks/List | List all the webhooks for the current team.
*WebhooksApi* | [**ApiWebhooksPost**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#apiwebhookspost) | **POST** /api/Webhooks | Create a new webhook. See the \"action\" parameter for the types (contacts, companies, meetings, emails...) of webhooks.


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedContactOutputModel](docs/DragnetTechSharedContactOutputModel.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsCompanyOutputModel](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsCompanyOutputModel.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsEmailOutputModel](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsEmailOutputModel.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsEmailOutputModelAttachment](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsEmailOutputModelAttachment.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsEmailOutputModelMailbox](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsEmailOutputModelMailbox.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsEmailOutputModelPerson](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsEmailOutputModelPerson.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsMeetingOutputModel](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsMeetingOutputModel.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsMeetingOutputModelAttendee](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsMeetingOutputModelAttendee.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsMeetingOutputModelMailboxInstance](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsMeetingOutputModelMailboxInstance.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsRequestContactParam](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsRequestContactParam.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsTag](docs/DragnetTechSharedIPAASModelsTag.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedRelationshipHistory](docs/DragnetTechSharedRelationshipHistory.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.DragnetTechSharedRelationshipMetric](docs/DragnetTechSharedRelationshipMetric.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersContactsControllerContactUpsertModel](docs/IPaasAPIControllersContactsControllerContactUpsertModel.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersContactsControllerCustomTagList](docs/IPaasAPIControllersContactsControllerCustomTagList.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersContactsControllerTagRequestParam](docs/IPaasAPIControllersContactsControllerTagRequestParam.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersContactsControllerTagRequestResponse](docs/IPaasAPIControllersContactsControllerTagRequestResponse.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersParseControllerFeedbackResponseModel](docs/IPaasAPIControllersParseControllerFeedbackResponseModel.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersUserControllerReturnMe](docs/IPaasAPIControllersUserControllerReturnMe.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersWebhooksControllerDeleteResponse](docs/IPaasAPIControllersWebhooksControllerDeleteResponse.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersWebhooksControllerWebhookPostParam](docs/IPaasAPIControllersWebhooksControllerWebhookPostParam.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIControllersWebhooksControllerWebhookReturnModel](docs/IPaasAPIControllersWebhooksControllerWebhookReturnModel.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseCleanedBodyOutput](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseCleanedBodyOutput.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmail](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmail.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailInputModel](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailInputModel.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailInputModelEmailRecipient](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailInputModelEmailRecipient.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailInputModelOutputOptions](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailInputModelOutputOptions.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailRecipient](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailRecipient.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailSignatureV2Model](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailSignatureV2Model.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailSignatureV2ModelAddressParts](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailSignatureV2ModelAddressParts.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailSignatureV2ModelLink](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailSignatureV2ModelLink.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailSignatureV2ModelPhoneDetails](docs/IPaasAPIModelsParseEmailSignatureV2ModelPhoneDetails.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.SigParserAddressParts](docs/SigParserAddressParts.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.SigParserCc](docs/SigParserCc.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.SigParserContact](docs/SigParserContact.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.SigParserEmail](docs/SigParserEmail.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.SigParserEmailParseResponse](docs/SigParserEmailParseResponse.md)
 - [SigParser.Model.SigParserTo](docs/SigParserTo.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

<a name="x-api-key"></a>
### x-api-key

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: x-api-key
- **Location**: HTTP header

